Check, Correct & Improve Hyperlinks - Closes 1867 (#1870)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/intro/blockchain-scalability.adoc

Briefly, the Plasma structure is designed in a manner whereby it is built through the use of Merkle trees and smart contracts, enabling the creation of an unlimited number of child chains.
Each chain works singularly and ensures the different requirements are fulfilled by operating and coexisting independently.
Additional chains can be created on top of each child chain, resulting in a tree-like structure.
As there are 4 main versions of the Plasma model, which results in different variants, the transaction process is not described in detail in this section.

> For more information, see the glossary page about {url_plasma}[Plasma^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the description regarding {url_plasma}[Plasma^] in the Glossary page.
```

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see {url_plasma}[Plasma's^] description on the Glossary page.
```
